## The Emails Lab

This is a digitized version of the email lab from ENSI, J. Loundagin, L. Flammer, and/or J. Lederman (see the "Licensing & Attribution" section for a full citation).

(TODO: EXPLAIN LAB'S PURPOSE/ETC. HERE)

<b>NOTE</b>: the PDFs generated by this version are technically images, and as a result <b>YOU CANNOT COPY-PASTE TEXT FROM THE OUTPUT FILES!</b> Workarounds are being investigated, but this seems to be a fundamental limitation of pure-javascript PDF generation. <b>IF YOU NEED THE ABILITY TO COPY-PASTE TEXT FROM THE OUTPUT FILE, USE THE VERSION ON THE MASTER BRANCH</b> (which outputs .txt files)!

## How to Download & Use This Project

Above & to the right of the document list above this text, you should see a green "Code" button. If you click it, it should open a menu with a few options; if you're inexperienced with git, you'll probably want to choose "Download ZIP," then extract the ZIP file to wherever you want to save the project.

Once you've downloaded the files, all you'll have to do is upload them to whatever webhosting site you plan on using. I'm assuming whatever service you're using will have instructions on how to do so, so I'll leave the uploading up to you.

## Licensing & Attribution
Credit for the original lab & materials:<br>
*Original idea from ’92 ENSI; Revised Oct. ’96 by J. Loundagin; adapted for ENSIweb 2/00 by L. Flammer; adapted for emails Sept. ’15 by J. Lederman*.

Adapted for online use by Benjamin Roisen.<br>
I do not own any of the original lab material, including the instructions (including both the general lab structure and the actual wording of the instructions) and the email materials. I only take credit for adapting it for online use.[^1]

This project makes use of the [p5.js](https://p5js.org/) library, available under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License. You can view their copyright info [here](https://p5js.org/copyright.html).

This project also makes use of [html2pdf.js](https://github.com/eKoopmans/html2pdf.js) by Erik Koopmans, released under the terms of the MIT license. The contents of the html2pdf.bundle.min.js file are sourced from here, and belong to Koopmans in their entirety.

[^1]: As for licensing my work on this project, rest assured that after spending several hours researching licenses I have come to the conclusion that I don't really care what you do with it, so long as:
- You don't sue me
- If you break anything, you don't make *me* fix it (I have enough problems fixing my own bugs, I'm not solving yours)
- You don't use the code for evil
- If you do end up using the code for evil, for the love of god don't do anything worse than wipe my name from all the documents, claim "I made this," and then charge ludicrous prices for it.
- Crediting me would be nice, but don't feel too bad if you forget. We all make mistakes :)
